representatives of the group Doctors
Without Borders gathered outside the
United Nations to call for an end to the
fighting in Gaza four of their
colleagues have been killed there and
many more injured even though healthcare
workers and Facilities can't be targeted
under international law for us the
targeting of medical facilities um the
fact that ambulances continue to be
targeted fact that we don't have the
fuel necessary or the medicines
necessary to be able to provide support
in the hospitals is intolerable over 100
humanitarians have died in Gaza and the
UN says Aid deliveries are now virtually
impossible as the war in Gaza approaches
60 days with more than 16,000 casualties
the pressure on the United Nations
Security Council is mounting from
outside and inside the UN to demand a
humanitarian ceasefire in a letter to
the security Council secretary General
Antonio gutes invoked article 99 of the
UN Charter a rarely used tool to put an
issue seen as a threat to International
Peace and security before the security
Council it is a very powerful move on
behalf of the Secretary General and we
hope that members of the security
Council will be moved by it and we hope
the International Community will be
moved by it to uh to push and put in
place a humanitarian ceasefire Israel's
Ambassador called the move more evidence
of un bias against Israel in the United
States has said it is opposed to further
Council action but Arab and Islamic
countries at the UN are looking to
amplify the secretary General's call and
hundreds of thousands of of our brothers
and sisters of Palestine are are aband
without a shelter in southern Gaza uh
we're we're calling the security Council
to shoulder its
responsibilities uh uh uh the Arab group
once again is knocking on the doors of
of the Security Council they are sending
foreign ministers to Washington on
Thursday in hopes of winning us support
for a humanitarian ceasefire resolution
that could be put to a vote as soon as
Friday Kristen salumi Al jazer the
United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer